# Computer-Safe
In this project, I took advantage of the features of the OpenCV library. The program detects changing pixels and plays a warning alarm sound in the file path you uploaded when there is a change above a changeable threshold value. This program will drive those who make evil plans on your computer crazy with fear.  
This program can also take photos of attackers and send them to you via e-mail. However, for this, you need to remove the codes of the email library from the comment. Please note that these e-mail sending commands will not work when your device is connected to the internet and the code will give an error.  The f and d variables set the frequency and tone of the beep sound, you can change them. There is another block included in the next comment line, this is actually an intro. When the program opens, it gives you time to leave. cv2 to change this duration. You must change the parameter of the waitkey() function.
Here again, the variable a determines how many times the intro block will count.
You must then change the pixelcounter variable to determine the sensitivity of the program. To do this, you can make a few attempts in the environment where you want to protect your computer. Because sensitivity changes as the environment changes and you should experiment to find the most accurate value. Finally, os.system("poweroff") will shut down your computer. However, the parameter here is suitable for Linux terminals. For Windows or Mac, you can add your operating system's shutdown code. The comment lines in the code are in Turkish.
